[Applause]
[Music]
I think it's your brother so at that
time you were both living in Jamaica
yeah okay what kind of music where was
it at a time
[Music]
you Creek children label know that we
got the name from a healthy Rasta man
his name is Daryl Dixon what we call him
so me say stalks in 1974 the same year
that they say Selassie I died that is
the Savior I took out my locks I saw
slots in the moon yeah I get up one
morning early and it was a full moon and
in the shadow like I don't know if it's
the cloud or what but Selassie appear
right in the moon and I was looking and
I said wow I was kind of scared to go
back in the house and I come back out
and I look up again
no he turn like into a little baby when
Selassie
like about ten years old and I said well
stick on the locks you know yeah I used
to pluck pluck my ear you know I want
one day big you'd be--you'd came to our
town who are doing a show and we was
looking about some herb to smoke in a
chalice so any caught up the herbs and
everything and he said we're gonna bless
the herb no sin said Rasmus take off
your crown so when I take off a coal you
say we're dia Blackie
yeah yeah he thought I was dread to
about his red green and gold Tom what
here was we the ayah platy amongst Rasta
[Music]
the good thing about it there was a few
producers that were interested in doing
cabanas I can name them
Beverly's was one of them Leslie Kong
Prince basta was one of them but we went
to studio with Prince Buster but we
never get to record two centimetres
totally meters were recording in there
and after they finish them and say you
know time we never get to record with
principles that then we go to Duke Reed
and you qui like us and record us in say
you have a nice little Christian son I
like it
well it was in the 60s late 60s you know
the rules become member to make a music
via sing as we were singing about our
plight you know or suffering so we're
going to the studio and we're singing
I'm hungry fire for Babylon sad song but
we're happy we're dancing off for
sadness and we're happy and for some
reason the world loved it you know the
world adapted because in the world there
are classes of people first class second
class third class whatever so people all
over yes can they can relate to reggae
because at one time maybe some people
might say they're singing about us you
know even the white man would maybe say
yeah they're singing about us but the
suffering in black men we're doing bad
things to black people shiny people
doing bad things or shiny people so
right no people can relate to those
songs now you know 30 40 years ago they
were make and you hear you understand it
now and these songs not gonna tell you
to go to kill anybody that's a good
thing about roots music even though the
lyrics aside it's not gonna tell you
take a gun and kill that man because he
is wicked
you know we can tell you that you're
wicked with a smile you know you're a
wicked man you know you smile you know
advance
[Laughter]
in 1971 yes yeah because at the time I
was on bonny Lee we Michael Bonnie Lee
produce our 1970 festival song we came
third
so while were with him we did about 14
songs so the musician that were working
with him at a time like family man a
family man Carly and those guys
I asked Carly in a family man how much
they charge for a song called we were at
them time we working in the hotels
[Music]
you know you know me
this pathway
[Music]
No
because
what you all know this one so please
come sing about what we talked about
last year yeah
[Applause]
[Music]